hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a science fiction film: "Orbiter 9"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
Helena is a beautiful young woman who has traveled alone in space for the last 3 years
3 years ago, the oxygen regeneration system broke down
oxygen remaining within the space station was only enough to support 3 people for 3 years
Helena's parents had sent out a distress signal
they still needed to travel nearly 23 years to reach the destination
so they decided to commit suicide to save oxygen so that their daughter Helena could survive
since then, Helena has lived alone on the station
she was born here and has never seen anyone else except for her parents
every day, apart from eating, sleeping, and exercising
she can only kill the boring time
by watching videos of her parents and some movie reviews from Daniel CC Youtube Channel
in order to keep healthy
she uses some medical equipment to do periodic health checks on the station
on the day of her 20th birthday, the rescue finally arrives
with the door opening, Helena sees the first stranger in her life
a maintenance engineer named Alex
she is very nervous and happy to see the male Alex
as he takes off his hormone-smelly helmet
however, Alex seems very calm and even a little cold to her
Alex briefly introduces himself, then goes straight to the main cabin to repair the system
Helena follows him tightly and invites him to stay for dinner (but actually for hormones)
however, Alex is not interested
until Helena tells him that he is the first and only living man she has met in 20 years
during dinner, Helena tries to chat with Alex
but Alex doesn't like that she is a colonist
Helena and her parents are actually the colonists who are heading to another habitable planet
which is a 40-year-long journey
though Helena knows nothing about it, she can't change the fact that she is a colonist
Helena doesn't think her situation is a privilege
she hasn't been able to go anywhere since her birth
and she has to go through all this alone in a tiny space
half of her life is going to be wasted on the journey without hormone-let-go
as described by Daniel CC
if she could choose, she would never want a life like this
hearing this, Alex feels a bit sorry for her
at night, Helena can't resist her boiling hormones and goes to Alex's room
begging him to show her some hormone mercy
for she will probably not meet any man in another 20 years
Alex doesn't push her away this time
and generously bestows on her the first, fantastic but fast hormone game
two minutes later, Alex tries to leave secretly while Helena is sleeping
Helena wakes up and follows him, expressing her sadness
she knows perfectly that Alex cant's stay for long
so the still-hormone-thirsty Helena has to watch him leave the cabin in anguish
Alex walks out of the cabin and enters a strange elevator
surprisingly as the elevator stops
Alex takes off his spacesuit and walks into a wooded area
Alex puts his belongings into a truck parked at the roadside and leaves in a hurry
it turns out that the so-called space journey is just a lie
with the deterioration of the Earth's environment
Alex's company comes up with such a project
they have found a habitable planet which is Helena's destination
but that planet is very far away
to predict potential problems, they decide to experiment on humans
they have chosen 10 humans
and observed them in 10 Orbiter simulators over a long period of time
Helena is one of them and she is from Orbiter 9
different from others, Helena was born in the simulator
she may spend her whole life there
Alex returns to the company and has a conversation with his boss
who tells him that the departure is 20 to 30 years away
but Alex doesn't seem very excited about it
because he has some hormone feelings towards Helena now
his boss can tell Alex is wavering
he continues to tell Alex that they are working for the future of 8 billion people
by comparison, those 10 people in the simulators are trivial
he then warns Alex to focus on his job
on Alex's way home, the radio in the car reports that the climate is getting worse
when he gets home, he processes the newly collected data
in the meantime, Helena is missing Alex
as time goes on, Alex's affection for Helena is growing
Alex's friend, who is also a doctor, can tell Alex is worried about something
he tells Alex that his health test results are fine, but there is radiation in his body
for his health, he shouldn't have entered the simulator nor enter it again
when Alex is drinking alone at home during the night
his robot pet starts projecting a video on the wall
it was Helena talking to the robot about how much she liked Alex
she recorded this in Orbiter 9 while Alex wasn't there
the next morning, Alex goes to work in Orbiter 10
when he returns, he can't help but stop at the gate of Orbiter 9
but he leaves after stopping for a while
at night, Alex comes to a psychological clinic to meet a therapist
he tells her about his confusion
as a scientist, he shouldn't have had feelings towards the experiment subjects
but he feels sorry for Helena and other subjects who live their whole life in a lie
they are just like human guinea pigs
the therapist is in shock hearing that
Alex returns home, but he can't stop thinking about Helena
while the therapist stays up the whole night long, thinking about what Alex told her
one day, Alex finally makes up his mind and goes to Orbiter 9 secretly
Helena is surprised to see Alex in his casual clothes
Alex reveals the truth to Helena and tries to take her out of Orbiter 9
however, Helena doesn't believe his smelly man-shit and refuses to go
Alex then takes the bio-feeds out of Helena's body
the alarm on the station starts immediately
when Alex puts the bio-feeds into a machine he prepared, the alarm then goes off
Helena finally trusts Alex and leaves the simulator with him
she would never have thought she's been living such a big lie
Helena lies down in a box in the back of his car and escapes the research compound safely
when they reach a safe place
Alex lets Helena out and tells her about the project and the experiment
Helena can't believe her parents are part of it
right now she wants to see her parents, but Alex thinks it is not safe to do so
it is better she does not let anyone knows she has left the Orbiter
later, they return to Alex's apartment and sleep on the same bed
which is like a dream for Helena
the next morning, when she wakes up, Alex has gone to work
when Alex finishes work, he goes to meet the therapist and tells her he has saved Helena
the therapist thinks it is risky, but she supports Alex's decision
before Alex leaves, the therapist tells him she has an apartment that nobody knows about
if there is an emergency, he can call her for help
later on, Alex takes Helena to an aquarium because she's been dreaming about seeing the sea
but Earth's sea has been polluted by acid
if left alone, all marine life will die out
watching the fish in the aquarium, Helena has a great time
she is curious about everything
the next morning, Helena finds his office
from the monitor in the office, she is aware that nobody knows of her disappearance
that is because Alex records her data and transmits it back to the simulator
she wonders why people would accept to be in the simulators in 20 years time
Alex tells her the simulator will inform them there is an error in the navigation after they getting in
and the journey will be extended indefinitely
so that the company can study their vital signs
all scientists only see the positive side of emigrating to another planet
but ignore the lives of the 10 people in the simulators
at night, Alex takes Helena to a party in a club
Alex introduces Helena as a childhood friend to his friends
and states that they met each other at the company
the doctor finds there is something weird about Helena
somehow they start to talk about the emigrating project, which the doctor doesn't approve of
he thinks it is irresponsible to leave Earth after destroying it
and let their kids spend half of their life on the journey
people should try their best to save Earth rather than abandon it
the other two girls say they will give up the chance to emigrate
now Helena realizes not everyone supports the project
her 20 years spent alone in the simulator is totally for nothing
the next day, Helena finds a bruise on her back when she is taking a shower
so Alex takes Helena to the doctor for a health check
when they are back home, Helena enters Alex's office again out of curiosity
this time, she finds the data of the 10 simulators
and figures out the real reason why people don't care about the subjects
these 10 people are all clones, including Helena herself
Helena is astonished to notice the truth
later, using the address on the documents, Helena goes to find her birth parents
in the meantime, Alex'S boss is presenting updates to representatives from all countries
trying to persuade them to agree to the emigration project
Helena arrives at her parents' house before night falls
they are surprised to see Helena
they explain to Helena that she is a clone of their late daughter
even though they tell her she is special and unique, Helena is still upset
because they left her to be a test subject in a lab
the father excuses himself to make a coffee
when he returns, he handcuffs Helena and informs the company that Helena is there
the mother is not as cold towards Helena
so she knocks the husband out and releases the poor cloned daughter
though Helena is a clone, the mother cares for her
she gives Helena a hug and asks her to run before she is found
on the other side, Alex can't find Helena at home
when he sees the scattered documents, he realizes Helena must have gone to her parents
but shortly after, Helena comes back and challenges Alex why he lied to her
Alex says he is sorry, but he doesn't regret it
because Helena has exposed herself, they have to run away immediately
Alex's boss receives an order from higher authorities to catch Alex and Helena at any cost
Alex has left his apartment with Helena and contacted the therapist
who agrees to give him the key to her apartment when she finishes work
right then, Alex notices that Helena's bruise is getting worse
Alex's boss gets to Alex's home with his men and can't find either of them
but he finds the therapist's name card
so he goes to the therapist's office, where Alex and Helena happen to be
the therapist asks them to stay behind the screen and don't move
the boss threatens to kill the therapist if they don't come out
one man shoots the therapist in the head and scares Helena a lot
which gives them away
after they expose themselves, they run to the rooftop, chased by the boss's men
knowing they cannot escape from their pursuers, Helena decides to sacrifice herself
she tricks Alex into jumping across a rooftop first
but she doesn't follow and therefore is captured by the coming hatchet men
Alex escapes and finds the doctor in a bar who has been beaten up
the doctor tells Alex that Helena's condition is not good
she can't adapt to the environment outside of the simulator
maybe the simulator is the safest place for her
but the analytics chain is broken when she escaped from the simulator
which means that Helena is useless as an experiment subject to the company
as a result, the company has disconnected Orbiter 9
and they are not willing to fund her to go back there
Helena can't live in the outside world
but the boss can only arrange euthanasia for her
Alex rushes to the company headquarters in his truck
the boss runs out and stops his men from shooting Alex
at this critical moment, Alex tells the boss that Helena is pregnant
the company can get valuable insights by observing Helena
Alex is willing to live in Orbiter 9 with Helena and to be their lab rats
on one condition that the boss must allow their kid to leave Earth
when the project is launched
some years later, the gate of Orbiter 9 finally opens
a young girl walks out and stands in front of the boss, who is an old man now
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out